automate standard business processes in just 3 to 4 weeks. the it application is ‘generated’ based on process model and other parameters. it is not hand-coded. this ensures error-free and efficient functioning right from day one.every organization has unique processes which are different from other organizations in the same industry domain. accepting a general otc product may force to lose the competitive advantage achieved through these unique processes. quickbpm ensures that it application is tailored to business process: no gaps, no customization.all quickbpm applications and modules are built on a single platform, giving cohesive solutions to cross functional users of organizations. the inbuilt productivity modules like workdesk, tasktracker, document management, reports, analytics, bam, audittrail give users total control over the process performance.any scale… any industry…quickbpm has successfully automated business processes across industry verticals viz : finance, retail, manufacturing, bpo, pharma, insurance, banks… to name a few. the best practices of the industry are modeled and easily transformed into structured process automation with business rules and controls. the execution of these processes is ensured by a robust workflow engine which orchestrates among all essential process automation components. as a result, every industry has its own automation model supported comprehensively by quickbpm.quickbpm adds value to every organization irrespective of its size and scale. on one hand, it serves a leading financial institution with thousands of employees where it seamlessly integrates with the existing i.t. framework of the organization, giving unified user experience. on the other, it helps a small organization of around fifty people to achieve efficiency through faster processing of back office activities. every organization has specific pain-points and quickbpm helps to resolve those quickly.quickbpm enables automation of any business process irrespective of the function. be it a sales tracking and reporting process, where ever traveling executives need to connect with the central database and collaborate with other functions to close a deal or be it an end to end hr process. please refer to our processes tab to understand the current automation enabled by quickbpm across functions.quickbpm workflow engine has a superb scalability and ability to handle peak volume of transactions. as a result, even during the most demanding business situations, quickbpm automations have worked efficiently and error free. this has helped our organization to save heavy penalty on late processing of transactions and it has also helped to re-allocate manpower to handle additional businessleading swedish mnc in banking products:-about us quickbpm is a comprehensive business process management (bpm) suite that enables organizations to automate business processes quickly. the inbuilt productivity tools ensure transparency and control over business processes. it is easy to own, easy to implement and easy to use. leading corporate houses have selected quickbpm to optimize business performance.