theâ csr legal research networkâ is a global network of academics (professors, researchers etc.) interested in combined fields of corporate social responsibility and law.the network welcomes members working in any relevant discipline eg. law, economics, business management, public policy and political science.the main goal of theâ networkâ is to connect academics, whose research is related to the combined field of csr and law or those who are contemplating such research. to our knowledge, our network is the first research-oriented organization, which is focusing solely on the combined field ofâ csr and law, and on connecting researchers within this combined field internationally.the network is facilitating communication and knowledge sharing between its members by providing its members with aâ platformâ where the members can share their research as well as information concerning events. members are invited toâ interactâ with each other about issues related to the field of csr and law. this newly established website allows the members toâ inform each other about new research, their respectiveâ research interests, news related to csr and law, upcoming relevant events, and relevant articles. the network is also organizing research events for furthering knowledge about the combined field of csr and law in the future.enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.100% guarantee - we try to ensure only the highest quality of flowers are used so that each bouquet and arrangement will arrive at its best. we take customer care very seriously and have built up our business over the years based on delivering outstanding customer service."i would like to say that the service from elm ridge is brilliant and delivery is speedy! would definately use this website again!"  charles brook - stockton-on-tees"i just had to leave a review once receiving the items purchased from this website. the bouquet i ordered which was personalised using the create your own section…"  mrs henderson - newton aycliffe"i was very pleased with the items i received from elm ridge. the bouquet i ordered was far beyond what i was expecting and the little touches with the wrapping…"  raymond moore - county durhamenter your email address below to keep up to date with our latest products & offers.