sense of association© 2107 sadaqat limited. all rights reserved.we at sadaqat ltd believe in only providing the best.we also believe in challenging ourselves to strive for excellence! we are continuously innovating to improve our systems, services, processes and quality of our products. it is due to this consistent dedication towards innovation that we have gained our success, name and credibility in the home textiles industry. sadaqat ltd, founded in 1951; is, today, a diversified company with sales of over 150 million us dollars. our management team consists of the best to offer the organization, and our competent and dedicated workforce ensures that all our customer needs are met to their complete satisfaction. the home textiles industry is an ever-changing one; the processes, standards, products and competition are constantly shifting; and to succeed, we adapt ourselves to always remain ahead of the curve. amongst all this change, what remains constant is our commitment to provide exceptional quality products, services and experiences to all stakeholders involved.new technologies and open trade laws have allowed the global market to be better connected, cohesive and significantly smaller for premier international businesses. at sadaqat ltd, we take these open markets as opportunities towards acquiring a more diverse clientele, and have positioned ourselves as a truly international company through various measures. to be responsive to the demands of a global economy, we have invested heavily in our infrastructure by growing our global presence and improving our logistical operations. we aim in continuing to strengthen exports from pakistan by strictly adhering to quality standards for weaving, dyeing,finishing and all other processes. furthermore, we strive to raise the benchmark of the quality of product representing pakistan in the global textile market by taking stringent measures for quality assurance.at sadaqat ltd, we understand the importance of brands and maintaining them to the highest standards. we support and supply to some of the biggest brands in the industry locally as well as internationally, and we also produce several luxury lines of our own. brand value, if properly inculcated, can lead to exponential returns for business and perseverance to make our brand our strength. we strive to enhance our brand equity by ensuring that all needs and specifications of our clients are met in the most convenient and hassle-free environment with strict adherence to quality standards.quality and excellence are a culmination of various factors, often starting from the raw materials, through manufacturing and finishing to the final end of retail and sale. like most businesses, home textiles is also a product of a variety of interconnected processes and businesses, all of which need to collaborate seamlessly for exceptional products. at saqadat, we believe in mitigating our odds; we are a well-integrated business model, which controls its entire supply chain, from raw material provision, through processing, production, and ultimately, on to global distribution; giving a reliable solution to our worldwide client base.inimitable experience, a long family tradition and a solid management structure & operations have given sadaqat ltd. the stability, foundation and agility to grow into the company it is today. our work philosophy entails exemplary leadership and vision which is then manifested into tangible goals by our management, and strong operational structure carried out by dedicated employees. ''we strongly believe in people. extensive experience throughout the management structure with a strong family bond gives us an edge over our competitors.''.the strength of our company comes from the quality of the people who work in it. our working motto is 'a happy worker means a happy customer'; we truly believe a motivated and content employee will inevitably lead to a satisfied client with provision of required essential support. at sadaqat ltd, we are passionate about nurturing our workforce, adhering to the principles of ergonomics and providing a harmonious work environment. our faith, commitment and investment towards our employees are continually rewarded by their consistent efforts and successful results for the business.we support and supply to some of the biggest brands in the industry, locally as well as internationally, and we also produce several luxury lines of our own.established in 1951 - sadaqat limited. started at weaving unit under the dynamic leadership of mr. mukhtar ahmed. incorporated as a private limited company in 1987. converted into public limited company in 2008. today sadaqat is one of the largest home textiles exporter, enjoying excellent reputation in the international market. sadaqat is servicing large customer base supplying top quality merchandise to leading group of home textiles industry across the globe. design,innovation,research and development and high quality are our bench marks. established in 2008 - sadaqat global limited. established in 2011 - sleepworld international llc. established in 2017 - sleepworld australia pty limited.sadaqat limited - composit unit of home textilesa domestic house of complete home solutionprovides an exclusive range of men and women wearbased in manchesterhaving own show room and warehouseoffers marketing,design and distribution servicesbased in new yorkhaving own show room and warehouseoffers marketing,design and distribution servicesalhamdulillah! - distinct honor and privilege for sadaqat limited !. sadaqat limited unlocked another achievement in textile sector by securing 2nd position at the best corporate and sustainability report 2016 awards for its publication of timely, accurate, informative and well-presented annual report 2016 for its shareholders, investors, regulators, employees and stakeholders. the event jointly organized by institute of chartered accountants of pakistan (icap) and institute of cost and management accountants of pakistan (icmap) on friday 25th august, 2017 at pearl continental, karachi. governor sindh, muhammad zubair honoured the event as chief guest on this special event..corporate code of conduct