annual spring clean-up saturday april 21st 2018 at 10amclick to pre-order your rain barrel and pick it up at the bbq/festival on clean up day between 10am and 4pm.we are also accepting donationsthe escarpment project is a not-for-profit organization that provides remediation and stewardship of the niagara escarpment. the escarpment project annual spring clean-up isâ the largest volunteer environmental clean up in ontario. people of all ages gather at various locations along the escarpment in the greater hamilton area to revitalize the forest and help return it to its natural splendour by removing litter & debris that has been dumped and left there, in some cases for years and even decades. we are always looking to partner with other organizations, teams, schools or businesses to increase our clean up area. if you would like to partner with us in an area you are interested in revitalizing please let us know.during the last clean-up (sunday april 30th, 2017) over 400â volunteers braved cold, wet, and windy weather conditions and helped remove hundreds ofâ bags of litter plus furniture, car parts, bikes, shopping carts, computers, tvs and more. afterwards we all gathered toâ celebrate a great clean up effort which made the event even moreâ fun and rewarding. watch the video:â escarpment project clean-up video 2017if you would like to volunteer for our next big clean-upâ let us know. it takes place on saturday, april 21st 2018 at 10am. if there is an area of interest you would like to work on tell uspeople can do many things including: clean up litter, help hand out supplies, hike and video tape the clean up or even help at the bbq. you can stay and help for as long or short of a time as you like. all help is appreciated. even if you just come for moral support. if you will be video taping please just email us the footage you would like us to use in the clean up documentary or put it on a usb stick and allow us to copy it. we will return the usb stick.if you would like to take part please click here and let us know.