create true lasting loyalty and engagement with your stakeholders.drive more member participation with a private network. associations need to reinvent themselves and use a specialized private social network to create interest and support growth in the membership of associations. with technology, associations can continue the experience far beyond the hosted live events.unite volunteers and increase your revenue from fundraising. we are communities provides a complete integrated social engagement model for connecting your organization to qualified donors, volunteer groups, community supporters, and business supporters.get more connected to the community your serve. the we are communities social networking platform allows for true engagement between all stakeholders of the community. it can provide valuable information you need to make a difference.increase revenue and customer loyalty. our unique eco-networking service combined with our engagement platform provides the power of social influence while aligning your business with purpose to create proven increases in your company revenue and profits.increase industry support and increase knowledge collaboration. we are communities provides a complete platform to network interested industry leaders together, educate, stimulate thought, inspire participation, and generate continued interest.increase member involvement and connection to community you serve. with we are communities, you have the technology to provide live streaming broadcasts, a complete library, endless member groups, and member networking, business supporters networking, and networking with other locations.obtain greater research data and increase knowledge collaboration. researchers need a way of securely collecting data while sharing information and findings. we are communities data processing services can support advanced collection methods from data collection equipment while supporting collaborative forums to develop qualified findings.increase member involvement and awareness of group mission. groups can now become a part of a community much larger than themselves contributing to the greater good in support of their mission and goals.the key to consumer loyalty and awareness is finding ways to show that you sincerely care about social issues and that you are making efforts to help. this is the true meaning of cause marketing.what we dowe are an inbound marketing system that puts your business and products directly in front of your targeted audience through the use of social influence and cause marketing. we have an international network of consumers, businesses, and associations looking for product and service providers they can trust – not just some company only interesting in peddling products. learn morehow we do itby aligning your business with socio-economic programs and community groups, we make you a leader to your targeted market. we make you a part of the conversation so when a consumer needs your particular product or service, you will be at the top of their mind. we interface advice with influence to make the buying decision easier for our members. learn morewhy it worksour unique eco-networking digital marketing service combined with our engagement platform provides the power of social influence while aligning your business with purpose to create proven increases in your company's revenue and profits.how are you using digital media to help your best customers and prospects to better educate themselves and become better engaged your business?making a sustainable difference