what we doyour trust is our successvirogreen india pvt ltd is working as an e-waste management company in india, since 2002. we started our first e-waste management in tamil nadu, and now we have expanded our services all over india, including important cities like delhi, bangalore, mumbaietc. we provide all kind of e-waste management solutions to organizationsof various genre. with our cutting edge upgraded technology, we safely handle and dispose all e-wastes under the safe condition without any environmental impact. we comply with all the rule and regulation mandated by central pollution control board (cpcb) setup in 2016.to innovate newer and faster technology and to contribute to the indian environmental safety, virogreen will strive to do best cultured business with inclusive growth of the industry.virogreen india pvt ltd provides basically e-waste recycle, e-waste disposal, green recycling, scrap metal recycling, and non-metal recycling serviceswhen a client can envisage a long-term relationship and needs more than one service, to accommodate in an economic way.the success of an e-waste business depends on availability of adequate quantities of e-waste to process.the e-waste entrepreneur / investor could tap e-waste.virogreen india pvt ltd provides basically e waste recycle, e-waste disposal, green recycling, scrap metal recycling, and non-metal recycling services.electrical recycling refers to recycling of light and heavy electrical appliances. they are mostly used in households, small & medium industries.right from consumer goods till the controlling boards are called as electronics waste. the electronic waste particularly consists...having named them generally as plastic, they are not so simple to be classified that way. after invention of polymers...the digital world of information mandates users to store data in rewritable media such as solid state devices, magnetic devices.the next-big-challenge of e-waste recycle is handling the goods to and fro the factory and its location.we believe recycling is the best method for minimizing e-waste. therefore, we collect, segregate, extract the precious metals that can be used for reselling purpose or could be utilized as a raw material. then we send those raw materials and resalable goods back to you.