in addition to offering in-depth consultation and guidance to meet current and future organizational needs, our firm offers integrated solutions that deliver sustained and measurable results while creating a working culture that recognizes similarities and differences.jerome miller, mba - founder and chief executive officera data and fact-based approach that focuses on pursuing better resultsj. miller & company will tailor a plan to meet the needs of the organization, focused on pursuing better resultsfind out how â†’growing up i took interest in math, comic books, and telling stories. very funny stories. after college i relocated to chattanooga, tn where i began my professional career. people who know me say that i am a critical thinker who knows how to communicate visually. i have over 13 years experience as a digital artist, front-end developer and graphic designer.since going into business, i can say my approach with clients is very left brain. in our first communication we essentially get a feel for one another. you'll tell me a little about yourself, your company, and the work you seek and i will follow up with various questions. once i feel i have identified the size and scope of the project i'll ask you what your timeline is and about how much you anticipate to spend. finally i will provide a design proposal.if you are a business, everything in your office, store, or digital media must look great in order to help you make money. third floor labs will work with you to turn your creative needs into attractive designs with crisp calls to action in any format.if you are a development team or project manager, you have to have great design. we can help deliver pixel perfect graphics. we stay current in the latest web design technologies such as: bootstrap, responsive & mobile first design, html5, css3 and google webmaster.drop us a note and tell us what you're thinking.   rates listed below are my hourly rates as well as some starting numbers for various services i can offer. contact third floor labs today for a free consultation.i don't have to explain to you why your company's identity with the world is important. whether you have something existing or need to expand upon it, we can help you communicate your company story. we will develop identity systems that build on both strategic and emotional connections between people and your business.whether you already have the wireframes and the design, or seeking something new, we start by researching your business, your competitors and what communication we think will work best for your market. next we mock up layouts in wireframe. this allows us to focus on your main message and make sure everything built around it is supportive. after that is the design phase, our favorite part! sometimes it's a perfect world and we nail it on the first attempt, but occasionally it's the second or third.contact us and we'll not only give it a slick look, we have a team of motivated developers ready turn your idea into a fully functioning app for ios, android, and blackberry.with constant shifts in the media landscape, there shouldnã¢â‚¬â„¢t be anything that limits the exposure of your brand. designing digital media means creating impactful, memorable messages that works seamlessly with web, applications, and other interactive mediums.finally, a way to advertise for free! we'll sort of. if you are a small business and you are not strategically maintaining your social media you are not taking advantage of the modern world and you will be left behind. targeting the appropriate customers is the best way to anticipate and meet the needs of your customers.we love getting our hands dirty and are capable of producing a wide variety of fine art. if we are not the right fit for the job, we probably know someone who is.this is by far the most valuable use of your money. identifying the size and scope of your project and evaluating your goals is key to success.once again i was blessed to have an opportunity to produce the artwork for a new documentary by free mind films. this time around i was given responsibility over the entire packaging of the dvd's and movie poster, as well as a majority of the artwork used in the film.shadowring was by far the most exciting project i have had the opportunity to work on yet. we came in wanting to completely blow everyone away both visually and mentally, and this story was perfect. with kevin sorbo, aka hercules narrating it, the pressure was on.this project challenged me artistically. from the beginning the director wanted abstract. i was not expecting this in the slightest. but i love abstract. why not?! between my passion for perfection, and a real opportunity to be in the spotlight, i dug deep into my work. after several rough drafts we sort of had some basic shapes and emotion. from there i just kept adding detail until it became something completely beyond what we originally set out to do. after it was finished i realized maybe subconsciously what it was i was trying to imitate in my design. infinity.overall we were all very pleased with the visuals created, although the final cut did not come together as well as i had wanted. unfortunately some of my favorite pieces did not make it into the film. by the time i was really hitting my stride creatively we were quickly running out of room to add anything extra in. if i were to do it over i would have spent more time with the team outlining what we thought we could realistically do together, given the amount of work each of us already had on our hands. i think this would have helped streamline our efforts better.client seeking design and animation for a new mobile gambling application. i have had experience designing for mobile apps before, but never had i created animation for a game. however, i did have experience with motion graphics and shared a few demos of previous work. impressed, the client agreed to take the plunge and see what i could do.pretty systematic here. research, research, research. once i was comfortable, i began sketching out concepts. sometimes it is easier for me to expand on a sketch by transferring it into photoshop or illustrator, which i did. i was able to pretty quickly create a few comps that i felt were in the right direction. at this time, i shared with the client the comps as well as a storyboard illustrating how i envisioned the game animations would work. the client approved to move forward and so i took my illustrations and placed them in photoshop where i created frame by the frame animation.the final results were very satisfying. another happy client and beautiful piece to add to the portfolio. on top of that, we have already had discussions of another gaming application.back in september of 2012 james lane, founder of free mind films, contacted me about doing the artwork for his new documentary.my approach to any artistic conception is the same. i start by collecting all the words and symbols that associate with the client's vision and organize them in separate hierarchical order. from there i begin collecting images, textures and colors that i think fall most in line with this information. this process takes several days, sometimes even weeks. if creativity stalls then it's time to send the client my progress and schedule a meeting.once i am satisfied with my collection of resources i begin creating prototypes. these are very small designs i mock up in photoshop which include variations of typography, space, form, scale, and shape. i hold off showing any color and texture until a specific direction is decided upon. things like that are image enhancers and can detract from the overall message i am trying to communicate.when i begin exploring various ideas it is just in my nature to push the boundaries. therefore it should come at no surprise if one or two concepts are misunderstood, bizarre, or even completely absurd. sometimes i am simply trying to provoke thought from the client. the goal at this point is to find a concept that the client agree upon. once i have that, then i can really tweak the design.for this project, james and i were pretty much on the same page from the beginning so coming to an agreement came rather quick. from there i built the artwork at the appropriate scale, made a few tweaks and sent it to print. once i have a hard copy i identify any minor errors and correct the final version. in the end, i had a lot of freedoms and everyone was quite pleased. i have even received word that my design is what made the largest impression in closing a deal with netflix!we were contacted by michael david ward via email after he heard about us on a talk radio show. he told us a lot about not only his current passions but a brief story of how he came to where and who he is today. you see, mr. ward has an amazing story to tell that is creatively woven between fantasy, conspiracy and the struggle for absolute power. if his story isn't enough, michael ward backs it up with beautiful illustrations set in such a fun and creative gothic realm.after a few hours of research and consultation we agreed that a simple splash page was the right right course of action. mr. ward's main concern was to be able to share just a small sample of his graphic novel for the rounds at this year's comicon.teasers are common and this is something mr. ward wants to make sure everything is done right. once the splash page was up and running we began consulting with michael ward for the full website. wireframes were presented and a design was on it's way. however, we knew it wouldn't be finished before comicon, so mr. ward put things on hold until his return.we are very excited to continue working with mr. ward and the chronicles of loween. together we see the opportunity for everyone to spread their wings and push the limits of their talents. after some research i came across a pretty cool example of a graphic novel set in motion. just visit amc's the prisoner: a graphic novel.belusse was a custom crm design for wedding photographers.finding out if we are the right fit starts with a conversation. engage us on your social networks, arrange a video consultation, or join us for coffee in chattanooga. we'd love to know what is on your mind.