texas real estate commission consumer protection notice > texas real estate commission information about brokerage services >marquee hire by carnival marquees offers the highest level of service in marquee hire in ireland. carnival marquees is based in county mayo, ireland. we supply stylish, sophisticated marquees for all social events, including birthday, wedding marquee hire, corporate marquees and anniversaries.we provide marquee hire for all types of celebrations for which you can hire a marquee. we would be delighted to hear about your planned event at carnival marquees and to help you with the planning of your special day, whatever you are celebrating. some types of specific events we offer both large and small marquees  and are detailed to show you throughout our website.  marquee hire   birthday marquee hire can be provided for your children's birthday party at home in your garden or your chosen location.   carnival marquees are delighted to provide marquee hire services for all birthday parties, including: 16th birthday party, 18th birthday party, 21st birthday party, 30th, 40th, 50th, 60th etc. birthday parties.    wedding marquee hire:   wedding marquee hire is a primary service of carnival marquees. we cater for wedding parties with any amount of guests at your chosen location in ireland, whether you are planning for a small, intimate wedding or an extravagant affair.   we look forward to helping you with your engagement party, pre-wedding parties and bridal showers. carnival marquees are delighted to consult with you regarding the detail of your wedding reception planning or wedding anniversary.   please see our wedding marquee hire section for more details on our wedding services.    corporate marquees:   marquee hire for corporate events is another primary service offered by carnival marquees. for your organisations product launches, new developments and corporate events. we also look forward to talking to you about your company christmas parties, new year's parties and corporate identity positioning at sporting events.   please see our corporate marquees section for more details on our corporate marquee hire services.      exhibition marquee hire   our marquees are perfect for all types of exhibitions and shows. we cater for motor shows, agricultural shows, open days and festivals.   we provide large marquee hire for the comfort of your guests with our clearspan marquees.    garden marquee hire   a marquee is perfect for garden parties and barbecues at home, in your own garden. our clients use our marquees to enjoy family functions and we provide small marquee hire for this purpose.   our pagoda hire service gives your garden party or bbq an elegant presentation to make sure your event is everything you want it to be.picture left:  wedding marquee to seat 230 guests at delphi mountain resort   family function marquee hirewe are experienced in providing marquees for family functions. from children's parties to family reunions and anniversaries, we can make sure your event goes off smoothly. for your family confirmations, holy communions and christening celebrations, we would be delighted to be there for you.   carnival marquess look forward to helping at your family function with our marquee hire service.      general receptions & exhibitions   we can provide a variety of marquee types and sizes for all kinds of receptions and exhibitions on different terrains. charity events and the organisers of community events can benefit from our free consultation service.   for pub events and restaurant receptions, from fancy dress parties to black tie events, carnival marquees is the number one choice for marquee hire.    our commitment to you   we can assure you of a friendly and professional marquee hire service for all your party needs. carnival marquees offer excellent an customer service experience and attention to detail at affordable prices.   we hire a variety of marquees styles and designs, in a range of marquee sizes (please see our marquees for hire page), which can be erected on any surface including grass, tarmac and concrete.   marquee furniture is the ultimate compliment to your marquee hire, providing a complete celebration environment.   we look forward to talking to you about your requirements and would like to offer you a free consultation and design service for your marquee hire. please contact us for more information.© 2010 marquee hire & lloyd hardy erp it consultant . website design by thisisyourname.com (ireland)