sr limited is an oil drilling company based in uk and which was listed on aim in 2007 with an ipo of $ 60 million. the company’s major shareholders are the large companies who own 96% of the company’s shares. since its establishment some two years ago, it has been involved in various activities of trying to identify/locate oil and gas fields and which can be put into production. it does this through exploiting, appraising and doing the production in a responsible and safe way. however, the company has been experiencing some challenges and which urgent measures need to be kept in place to guard against them.this paper presents some of the challenges that the company is going through and some of the recommendation that can be used to tackle/deal with the problems.raising the necessary finance to test drill all the new fields in order to drill any well, finance has to be taken into consideration for there to be success in the drilling process (kowalski, 2010). this entails first conducting some preliminary test to identify the location of the oil or gas reservoir and how big the reserve is before the actual drilling starts. this test are done in order to determine the character traits of the oil or gas reserve and to determine how best to bring them to the surface for production. the cost incurred in conducting the test drill is estimated to be around us$ 30 million. raising this finance for the correct oil or gas test exploration is a challenge because some wells do not have sufficient gas/oil for exploitation hence may lead to huge losses to the company hence affecting the overall bottom-line of the company (rusco, 2010). for example, in the financial year 2011/2012, the company wrote-off us$15million which went towards the oil/gas exploitation in drakkar and which proved to be a costly affair since it had no enough oil/gas for production purposes hence it underwent some financial loss. since the occurrence of this loss, the company has been experiencing some challenges in funding its test drills activities so to identify a potential reserve for the production purpose. this is very risky for the company since on one hand it is in the business of finding new oil/gas reserves and on the other hand it is avoiding undergoing financial loss of exploiting reserves that are not promising in terms of having sufficient oil/gas.sr will be required to pay us 10 million by 31st august 2014 and which is repayable when the above conditions are met. incase the above conditions are not met or there is a breech of the condition, sr risks loosing the money hence it would undergo some financial loss. sr’s dependency on fossil fuels and lack of future sustainability the dependency on fossil fuel saw sr head offices targeted by protesters of the care green party. there was a growing concern for the need for the company to develop alternative and sustainable renewable source of energy (gaffigan, 2010). sr was not the only company targeted during the protest since twelve other e& p companies were also attacked at the same time sr was being attacked. this appeared to be a coordinated attack. this resulted to some of the employees (charles lincoln) to walk some 400m to work and not park their vehicles where they used to park.sooner or later, the oil reserves will run dry and there will be no more oil to exploit hence there is a need for the companies e& p more so to develop alternative sources of energy. environmental degradation and global warming has caused the world to awaken from the long slumber and address these issues because their impacts are devastating. the use and exploitation and use of fossil fuel within the industry has led to clearing out of large tracts of land (deforestation), increased temperatures, rising sea levels, decline in the number of iced-capped mountains, health issues, human animal conflict and extinction of certain animals (elena, 2011).this public outcry has led to the establishment of signing of the kyoto protocol which is a binding obligation linked to the united nations framework convention on climate change. each and every party is obligated to reduce the emission of greenhouses gases form their respective industries in the various countries. countries are encouraged to develop and exploit renewable sources of energy like wind water and solar that sustainable and which are environmental friendly. sr is hereby obligated to find alternative sources of energy to reduce the effects of the global warming and environmental degradation (bale, 2009)stand out of the crowd