h and h mechtech pvt. ltd. aspire to be ranked among top 10 pre-engineered building manufacturers in india. being a reputable peb company, it specializes in manufacturing pre-engineered buildings in delhi ncr, india using the latest technology and materials and is committed to providing the best steel building in the industry. having over half a decade industry experience, h and h mechtech provides unique products and services to customers and has gained the trust of several global clients. we are engaged in the deployment of the following frame types used in pre-engineered buildings:as a trusted name among peb companies in india, h and h mechtech manufactures pre-engineered buildings that are ideal for use in non-residential, wide span low rise buildings such as storehouses, factories, aircraft hangars, cold storages, workshops, stadium, supermarkets or any high-rise building. all of our structures are custom designed and can be fitted with other structural accessories like mezzanine floors, fascias, canopies and crane systems as per requirements.pre-engineered structures built by h and h mechtech can be expanded easily and are designed to withstand all climatic conditions with almost no maintenance. we put a lot of effort and dedication in every structure we build so that it generates value for our clients. being a client-centric peb structure manufacturer, we always ensure that our efforts generate value for our clients in the long run.at h and h mechtech, we assist our clients with end to end construction solutions. our truss less structural designs made of zincalume, the finest steel available in india that ensures 100% usable with interior space in building structure. having considerable experience in infrastructural facilities, we are able to offer our clients with cost effective optimum solutions regarding designing, engineering, and commissioning of all types of metal buildings. to ensure that our clients get the best, we always use the latest technology and human resource nurtured in a motivated and conducive environment. we never want to be second to none of the peb companies in india.copyright 2013 h and h mechtech building systemswelcome to the herts valuations website. herts valuations provides valuation and sales advice to insolvency practitioners and company directors. we are a firm of independent commercial and industrial auctioneers and valuers. please browse our services using the navigation above...what we do?liquidators agent & asset valuation - uk herts valuations is a firm of independent commercial and industrial auctioneers and valuers. - also known as a liquidators agent and insolvency agent. we are agents that provide valuations, asset recovery and disposal, and management of insolvent company assets. we also clear commercial premises of all assets and offer a waste managenent service.  we are also specialists in all aspects of commercial and office clearance. if you need thousands of square feet cleared, or just a few offices, call us for a free quote.case study 1: we have recently been instructed as a liquidators ...after much planning and many discussions the herts valuations new ...