team building using music as a tool isn't just energy and drive, it delivers tangible outcomes that have been used to great effect by many of our existing clients.in team building, training, leadership and development, drumculture uses music and a wide variety of arts-based tools for the provision of corporate events and interactive workshops. we deliver dynamic team building activities; corporate drumming, ecological dome building and exciting musical icebreakers at conferences using the most experienced and trained uk facilitators.“i just wanted to say thank you for the team building session which you ran for us. we all enjoyed it, everyone joined in and got into the spirit of it and found it fun to try all the different and varied instruments. thanks again!” vicky burridge, shell learningwe have been providing a wide variety of corporate events, interactive entertainment and consultancy services for over 10 years in many different countries. as one of the first rhythm based corporate event providers, we are able to deliver a superb event to meet your requirements and exceed your expectations. we have a global sense of social responsibility and give back to the community in many ways.drumculture can light up your corporate event or conference with music, harmony and colour. we provide the perfect ice breaker and energizer for that after dinner 'graveyard slot'. your conference will be the one they remember.we are continually developing new techniques for working with creativity and leadership and have been growing our world music programme into a very successful tool for developing leaders.as part of our corporate social responsibility objectives, we truly believe in assisting developing nations though our work with corporations and a percentage of all drumculture profits goes towards building a sustainable community.read more about corporate drumming and other uplifting sessions for your company with our team building ideasread about how we can bring music and colour to your conference or meeting with our ice breaker activitieswe travel to many destinations too! drumculture romania reportcall us today on 07809 456 490 to speak with a member of our team.© world of rhythym 2008apprev delivers industry-leading solutions that enable providers to optimize revenue cycle performance. using cloud based software, supported by apprev experts, providers are able to identify, quantify, resolve and measure key revenue cycle issues. apprev's solutions combine software with consulting and include charge accuracy, denials intelligence and pricing analytics.hfma northern california fall conference conference sponsor  september 21-22, 2017 at lake tahoe, ca click here for more information.   hfma florida fall conference  platinum sponsor september 27-29, 2017 at delray beach, fl click here for more information.