sgc specialises in sustainability, corporate responsibility, risk management, environmental management, healthâ and safety, compliance, management systems and emissions trading.the services we provide include consultancy, auditing, report assurance, verification and training.we have a successful track record in delivering these services in the retail supply chain, oil and gas, energy and manufacturing sectors in the uk and abroad.we work withâ a network of associates who include some the most experienced sustainability consultants in theâ uk. â we are also developing an academy of emerging sustainability professionals.our purpose is to assist business of all kinds address sustainability issues positively. this can range from assisting organisations:our work over the last 23 years has involved us in many different projects, in the uk and abroad. our clients range from local businesses, manufacturing, the energy industry including offshore, certification bodies and the retail sector. projects range from a one day review or training event through to long term multidisciplinary projects.we haveâ worked with b&q and its supply chain for over 16 years in support of b&q’s sustainability initiatives including the implementation of the ‘one planet home’ policy.keeping up to date with applicable legal requirements is a continuous challenge. we can help you identify current and emerging regulations and other requirements, determine compliance and support you on compliance programmes.product compliance is complex, particularly ce marking and reach. we can work with you to develop processes and systems for compliance assurance including supply chain management systems for reach and rohs compliance.effective management systems are an important aspect of managing and improving sustainability performance. our team can support you through the planning, implementation and maintenance of systems such as iso 14001, iso 50001, iso 9001, bs ohsas 18001 etc.managing sustainability in the supply chain is critical to a modern business whether you are a major retailer with hundreds of suppliers or a smaller company with just a few suppliers. we can help with the challenge of managing supply chain risks cost effectively.climate change and energyclimate change has become a priority for most organisations. our climate change services include organisation and product footprint services to standards such as iso 14064 and pas 2050. we can also provide a wide ranges of energy management and audit services.the energy savings opportunity scheme (esos) is now a mandatory requirement in the uk. if you employ more than 250 employees, or have a turnover more than â£38,937,777 and a balance sheet exceeding â£33,486,489, you will need to undertake an esos assessment.