innovation at any stageat kubersoftech, we appreciate that each business has its own unique requirements. we develop and integrate a wide range of customized business solutions for our clients. from cutting edge business applications like cms,crm, e-commerce,hrms, corporate identity solutions to utility payment and ip pbx solutions, kubersoftech has done it all. we provide complete business solutions in areas like intranet, extranet, internet, and client-server architecture. kubersoftech's wide range of services help customers compete their businesses worldwide.what information do we collect?we collect information from you when you register on our site. when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. you may, however, visit our site anonymously.what do we use your information for?your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent.how do we protect your information?we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.do we use cookies?yes (cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.we use cookies to help us remember and process the items.do we disclose any information to outside parties?we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you.we are in compliance with the requirements of coppa (childrens online privacy protection act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.changes to our privacy policyif we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. info@kubersoftech.comlast updated: july 25, 2014 please read these terms and conditions ("terms", "terms and conditions") carefully before using the kubersoftech.com website (the "service") operated by kuber softech pvt, ltd. ("us", "we", or "our"). your access to and use of the service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these terms. these terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the service. by accessing or using the service you agree to be bound by these terms. if you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the service.links to other web sitesour service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by kubersoftech. kubersoftech has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. you further acknowledge and agree that kubersoftech shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. we strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.we may terminate or suspend access to our service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the terms. all provisions of the terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.these terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of nepal, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods (cisg). our failure to enforce any right or provision of these terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. if any provision of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these terms will remain in effect. these terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the service.we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these terms at any time. if a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. what constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.by continuing to access or use our service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. if you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the service.if you have any questions about these terms, please contact us. info@kubersoftech.com