we are an entrepreneurial and agile organisation....committed to building long-term relationships with our customers. our management has extensive experience in creating networks and strategic relationships with commodity producers and bridging the gap with the end buyer.our aim is to build and manage a global supply chain for processors and distributors of agricultural commodities. we supply processors and distributors with raw materials of consistent quality and use our freight and logistics expertise to ensure smooth and timely delivery to their destinations. we also advise our customers on innovative and tailored trade finance, hedging and financing solutionscommodities trading has become a highly volatile business with prices no longer dependent on demand-supply situation but also on hedge funds speculation, currency market and unforeseen events taking place anywhere in the world. our expertise in ensuring contract performance and overcoming the turmoil prevalent in volatile markets has won us many committed and long term clients and suppliers.in this dynamic environment, there is need to look forward and broaden our horizons to seize new business opportunities at the appropriate time.â gcâ has a team of experienced and dedicated personnel who are constantly trying to do things differently and take the company to greater heights. atâ gc, we believe in empowerment of personnel in order that they achieve the best results. there is adequate focus in this area and contribute to the growth and success of the company.hundred times everyday i remind myself that my inner and outer life depended on the labours of other men, living & dead, and that i must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as i have received and am still receiving. -â albert einsteinto conduct trading activities of commodities and raw materials as well as develop new products/markets, in a manner which would create an image of reliability, quality, adherence to ethical values and sustained long term relationship with business partners.our vision is to become a premier trading company providing integrated end to end supply chain solutions for various product segments.our success depends on people: the people who do business with us and the people who work with us. if our customers like what we offer, they are more likely to come back and do business with us again. if the quadra team like what they do, they are more likely to go that extra mile to help our customers. people are the key to any successful organization.