acn constructions is a leading construction company in pune.the group has a track record of years in building & development. known for quality construction with world class amenities, the group has built a name for itself in engineering & construction, industrial, institutional, residential more.we would like to thank you for your valuable association with us. your readiness, efforts & interest that you put in the every piece of your work has appealed us immensely.  -- aniket ranaintegrity and fairness to its clients, a robust capability, conscientious project managers and administration, talented staff, dependable and realistic attitudes. no shortcuts. they do it right. not going to be the low bidder, but once engaged, all coast will exhibit strong follow through on every detail.  -- amit suriacn construction built a brand new 20000+ square foot boys hostel for us in pandharpur, maharashtra. the level of quality, the craftsmanship and attention to detail is magnificent. but what’s even more impressive is how they respond to problems — a finish nail rusts, a shower pan doesn’t drain properly — they take responsibility and fix it, quickly and efficiently. -- vijay s. mahadikwe have worked with acn construction for 6 years. chetan kulkarni, ceo’s openness, honesty, and excellence extend to each employee, which is unique in this field. acn construction is the most knowledgeable concrete subcontractor in the pune area. team’s skill ranges from foundations to interior concrete work. they are passionate and articulate about what they do. we enjoy working with can. -- vikas shettyacn constructions is a leading construction company in pune.the group has a track record of years in building & development. known for quality construction with world class amenities, the group has built a name for itself in engineering & construction, industrial, institutional, residential more.we would like to thank you for your valuable association with us. your readiness, efforts & interest that you put in the every piece of your work has appealed us immensely.  -- aniket ranaintegrity and fairness to its clients, a robust capability, conscientious project managers and administration, talented staff, dependable and realistic attitudes. no shortcuts. they do it right. not going to be the low bidder, but once engaged, all coast will exhibit strong follow through on every detail.  -- amit suriacn construction built a brand new 20000+ square foot boys hostel for us in pandharpur, maharashtra. the level of quality, the craftsmanship and attention to detail is magnificent. but what’s even more impressive is how they respond to problems — a finish nail rusts, a shower pan doesn’t drain properly — they take responsibility and fix it, quickly and efficiently. -- vijay s. mahadikwe have worked with acn construction for 6 years. chetan kulkarni, ceo’s openness, honesty, and excellence extend to each employee, which is unique in this field. acn construction is the most knowledgeable concrete subcontractor in the pune area. team’s skill ranges from foundations to interior concrete work. they are passionate and articulate about what they do. we enjoy working with can. -- vikas shettyyour trust is our successvirogreen india pvt ltd is providing quality e-waste management solutions since its inception, 2002. we are certified under cpcb and tnpcb with our extensive efforts throughout this time. we make your work easier by providing all your e-waste management needs right at your doorstep. we have the industrial knowledge on how exactly ane-waste recycling division turns to be an additional burden and demands lots of planning, implementation, certification, money, time and other resources. thus we have curated solutions against that under the guidelines of central pollution control board of india (cpcb).to innovate newer and faster technology and to contribute to the indian environmental safety, virogreen will strive to do best cultured business with inclusive growth of the industry.virogreen india pvt ltd provides basically e-waste recycle, e-waste disposal, green recycling, scrap metal recycling, and non-metal recycling serviceswhen a client can envisage a long-term relationship and needs more than one service, to accommodate in an economic way.the success of an e-waste business depends on availability of adequate quantities of e-waste to process.the e-waste entrepreneur / investor could tap e-waste.virogreen india pvt ltd provides basically e waste recycle, e-waste disposal, green recycling, scrap metal recycling, and non-metal recycling services.electrical recycling refers to recycling of light and heavy electrical appliances. they are mostly used in households, small & medium industries.right from consumer goods till the controlling boards are called as electronics waste. the electronic waste particularly consists...having named them generally as plastic, they are not so simple to be classified that way. after invention of polymers...the digital world of information mandates users to store data in rewritable media such as solid state devices, magnetic devices.the next-big-challenge of e-waste recycle is handling the goods to and fro the factory and its location.