solutions, that you need!i hope that you find the information on this microsite informative and useful. in addition, i trust that, after reading the information, you will feel that you have an understanding of the ethos and services of st michael’s hospice and that this will confirm your interest in the position of chief executive.we are proud that we have one of the largest in-patient units, which offers both acute and longer-term care. we also have a broad and innovative range of services, including home support, day and outreach services, bereavement support for any adult in need and, through our hospice neighbours scheme, volunteer support for people with a life-limiting illness living at home. we intend to expand our services, particularly in the community, and we are also looking to grow our education department, increasing the training available both for staff and local healthcare professionals. it is an exciting opportunity for you to take forward these plans.collaboration and teamwork are at the heart of what we do, internally and externally. we pride ourselves on working with health and social care colleagues, including local care homes. we are also very committed to working closely with our local communities and organisations. this is manifested by the strength of our volunteer network. we have around 950 volunteers supporting us in almost every aspect of our work, whether in shops, the in-patient unit, our open gardens scheme or administration. their fund raising efforts also generate small and large amounts and are a true reflection of the support we have in the community.the catchment area for the hospice is hastings and rother, so broadly we follow the coast from bexhill to rye and then cover inland towns and villages extending to ticehurst in the north, bordering on kent. the majority of the population lives in hastings and st leonards on sea, which include some of the most deprived wards in the country. overall, the region is mixed agricultural and light industrial, combining areas of significant deprivation and places of great beauty and historical interest. the hospice itself is placed in a lovely location on a hill overlooking the sea with glorious grounds much used by patients, their families and local people, who often simply enjoy the tranquillity and flowers created by our gardener and volunteers. most visitors speak of the lovely atmosphere when they walk into our reception area and sit down to have a cup of tea in the conservatory.i am sure that you will read about the devastating fire we suffered in 2015. this arson attack damaged a considerable part of the building with fire and smoke. the board took the view that we should take the opportunity to improve the facilities and not simply reinstate what had been damaged. i am pleased that our in-patient services have now returned on site and the building – beautifully renovated – is now fully functioning again.2017 is our 30th anniversary year and we are proud that, in those 30 years, we have worked closely with local people and organisations to serve those in need in hastings and rother. we have many events planned to celebrate what has been achieved and to look forward to our continued development in the years to come. you will have the opportunity to build on this success, taking us forward in the coming years.