firstlydelight informix acquire all the requirements for the it solution from our clients, their ideas and thoughts of the resulting solution we also discuss on each particular specification with you..the overall structure, content and features of the website is planned and based on that a prototype is prepared so as to visualize the look and feel of the resulting website.coding and integration of the website is done at this stage, where the actual it solution is developed from the prototype into a functional site. this is the stage where the site is actually created.the web site is tested so as to check all the final details, functionality of all the scripts, spell checks, bugs and compatibility on different operating systems after fully testing the site it is launched.we update your website regularly so as to post fresh content on it as well as all the technical problems will be handled by our team, maintenance like regular site backup, upgrades and other maintenance issue will be handled by us.the core strength of delight informix lies in its 'quality policy' that complies with iso quality guidelines. here’s why delight informix shares your vision and works together with you to realize your business objectives.innovation is in the dna of delight informix. it is practiced by every member of our team at delight informix. rather than emulation our delight informix professionals believe in doing the things differently.we understand that "one-size-fits-all" doesn't work everywhere. that is why we conduct extensive research on identifying potential market and consumer psyche to design the solution that meets their and yours expectations.delight informix has developed vast it infrastructure of its own. whether it is website development infrastructure or web hosting, we have established our own domain name servers to facilitate efficient management of various it projects.we know that small and medium enterprises, especially the budding ones, find themselves to be in the tight budget dogma. this is because they have to face more challenges and often have fewer employees as compared to medium or big-size companies.our commitment of "shared responsibility" itself proves that we are right there when you need us. that is why our responsibility does not end with the delivery of the project but it goes far beyond upto maintenance of the project.delight informix ensures a professional look for today's corporate businesses. as a website design company, we ensure your website is an industry benchmark by providing stunning designs and enviable search engine rankings. the results bring in new customers and an immediate sense of trust in your brand.we ensure web development seamlessness, continuity, and transparency across the entire sdlc — enabling better control and visibility into the workflow — by combining best-suited project development methodologies and techniques with relevant project management tools and domain expertise to deliver quality end-to-end web solutions.we are preferred internet marketing partners for many international companies located in usa, uk, australia, uae (dubai) and india who regularly outsource seo, sem, ppc and web design projects to us.the internet has transformed business marketing. no matter what you do, the internet is likely to be at the heart of your marketing strategy.e-commerce development with interactive storefront, order management, product management and payment gateway integration on popular ecommerce platforms like magento, opencart, shopify, prestashop and woo commerce.custom software development as per your requirement and specifications. our core software engineers develop, test and deploy web and desktop based applications for individuals, small to large companies and organizations.