established in the year 2014, divy agro industries has been an eminent manufacturer, exporter of herbal extracts. our products are available in the purest form that is obtained by an advanced extraction process. we manufacture and supply an exhaustive range of herbal extracts, dry extracts, essential oils, fragrances and flavors. our extraction process extorts the essence from the herbs in the purest form and retains the efficacy of the active ingredient to the highest degree.the products we offer are dry extracts such as acorus calamus, allium sativum and areca catechu. liquid extracts such as amla, neem, methi and hibiscus extracts. essential oils such as basil, cardamom, clove and coriander oils, water soluble herbal extracts like aloe vera extract and arnica extract, oil soluble extracts such as asiatica centella oily and bhringraj oily extract. curcuma longa products such as curcuma longa powder and curcuma longa powder extracts.the products we supply are all derived from organically grown herbs, therefore there is no contamination by way of harmful chemicals leaching into our herbs. they are an alternative way to a healthier life and an eco- friendly option to harsh cosmetic chemicals.we constantly strive to enhance and improve our products through ongoing research and development. rigorous testing of the raw materials is undertaken at our hi-tech lab to ensure that only the best quality herbs and additives are being utilized for production.the complementary and alternative medicine has traditionally included practices and products such as acupuncture, chiropractic treatments, massage, herbs and nutritional...check out istanbul’s statistical mapexplore the districts of istanbul on a statistical map through 100 variables. you will have the opportunity to get district-based reports.facts & figures to discover istanbul’s potentialwho we are & what we dotake a glance at our organization & servicesinternational rating agency boosts its end-year growth forecast for turkish eco...the expanding economy and civil aviation operations has enabled domestic flagsh...the u.s.-based multinational banking and financial services company j.p. morgan...