dreaming is easy. but what about helping others to dream big? don't dream for others rather assit them to manifest their dreams. as you help others to regain hope and helping them to reach their dreams - you will prepare yourself to get the amazing results. giving hope - achieve the unachievable. create a smile!when you are touched by the melody of the universal heart/existence/god, your heartbeats become the reflection of the divine. your light becomes the reflection of the divine light and begin to light those lamps which are unlit. your light will then remain as the light of the world, spreading the rays of happiness, peace, love, and biliss.(may all beings everywhere be happy and free, may the thoughts, words, and actions of my own life contribute in some way to that happiness and to that freedom for all.) "heartspeaks is an antidote to live life fully, totally with awareness from moment to moment." - joji valli an open forum to express the feelings of the heart to motivate and to inspire mutually. anything that could touch and enhance the other person to progress in life and thereby help them to lead a happy and prosperous life. be a part of heartspeaks, witness the transformation in your life and became a catalist for others by sharing invaluable treasure of wisdom and material resources. heartspeaks is a purely csr initiative which encourages individuals to practice psr (personal social responsibility) rather csr (corporate social responsibility). each individual's ability to respond to the ground realities of life. why csr? "the mere realization that there is no antidote for the suffering and pain that we undergo here on earth. thus, some wise people realized at the beginning of humanity that the unaffected needs to take care of the affected." - joji vallia corporate has responsibility to its employees and to the wider communities in which it operates. how its practices affect its workers, and stakeholders to promote all of their best interests.committing to sustainable environmental practices can save money and reduce environmental footprints by reducing waste, conserving energy, and maintaining environmentally safe manufacturing processes.making money is essential to business success. but the mere realization that its own sustainability rests on its ability to work harmoniously in its social and environmental settings.find us oncopyright 2014 heartspeaks foundation trust   |  all rights reserved  |  privacy  |  terms of usein today’s competitive b2b selling environment, vertical specific online and offline marketing strategies help business to emerge stronger and stay ahead of competition