entertainment that gives backlawquest can be described as the best of the best in indian immigration services.- partner at an elite global law firm, considered to be one of the world's leading law firmat this juncture, i would say lawquest is a backbone for our organization and i look forward for to continuous support from them through our journey of reaching and enabling millions and millions of needy people.- vinay a l, founder - prakruthi welfare foundationwe are very thankful to the entire lawquest team for taking up a pro bono assignment for our not-for-profit organisation ‘medha.’ right from the beginning till the end of the assignment your team has been very professional and competent. we really appreciate all your help and support in reviewing our employment contracts, hr policy manual and advising us on labour laws compliance applicable to medha. it is been a great experience working with you and we would recommend your firm to other not-for-profit organisations looking for legal support and advice.your professional service is kept here in highest consideration.we would like to thank pushpalatha for guiding us through our relocation process. she has been patient and detailed in her discussions and has been generous in extending all required support too. i want to thank you and the team for all the help during our transition. what you do does make a difference and is appreciated. we still have a lot of work to do over the next two years. i am glad we have you and the team helping us through this process.- program director for a global solutions companyon behalf of the university of mumbai law academy and my personal behalf, i thank you for delivering brilliant and erudite lecture at university of mumbai law academy on the topic "overview of immigration laws as career opportunities." i appreciate you for taking the time and effort to be here. i also thank you for your interactive session and for sharing your ideas and expertise. i certainly hope that the session has extremely ignited our students mind, motivated and enlightened them and thereby attracted them towards the field of immigration laws.i hope that you would continue to have the same support with university of mumbai law academy for our future endeavours.- hussain ali chandrani, course coordinator, university of mumbai law academy