alternate academy brings in expertise in each of these areas and has designed programs to bring about an effective competency building. each program will have a blend of research & hands-on experience, case study and grass root work, an interface with industry and serious engagement with institutions of repute in india & abroadeducational leadership education means creating an environment for learning. it calls upon immense passion, patience, empathy and affection. real teachers in a supportive community could work out what ‘real education’ is in the context of their children; of how to ‘bring up’ children in a balance of traditional and contemporary demands. leading such an education, building teams of such teachers and nurturing such children is a challenge. this program creates the opportunity to make education a happy, competent and learning experience for all.objectives : * groom & mentor heads of schools to be leaders in education management * build effective education delivery and administrative systems * restore the love and responsibility in the teachers’ role * conduct research and build learning resources * build an environment that makes learning happentarget group : principal, headmaster,headmistress, co-ordinator, senior teachers of primary & secondary schools and the junior colleges (10 + 2).college to corporate on one hand the college tuition costs are rising and on the other what you learn at the college leaves gaps in what you need for your 1st job. many a students must decide whether to invest in a college degree or get straight into an entry-level job. whether driven by economics or personal preference, this decision can have a major impact on the course of professional career as well personal life. this program creates the opportunity for students to understand and enjoy their self and their work.objective : * bridge the gap between what a graduate study offers and what a job place requires *prepare the graduates for their 1st job and channel them to choose the path of their career * build skills, knowledge, personality and attitude * inculcate a sense of self respect, confidence and a responsible freedom * nurture a healthy and efficient industry – academia relationshiptarget group : students in the last year of their graduate studies & fresh graduates of any stream empowering our women the state run drives or family efforts at ‘educate the girl-child’ seem to be lost once these girls are married-off. the daughters-in- law of our villages would do well if encouraged to engage in activity that befits their level of literacy and education. creating opportunities for such an engagement will empower them, socially, economically and above all psychologically. this program gives just such an opportunity for our young women.objectives : * create opportunities to engage the literate and educated married women * train women in specialised crafts and activity of economic relevance * help them become mothers of a progressive generation * assist the women in health, hygiene and housekeeping challenges * build a women community that preserves tradition and anchors transitionin the age of internet we all need website for our businesses,it is imperative for every business to have a website. the more professional your website is, the more business you can gain. a website is also important because it helps you establish credibility as a business. most people just assume that you have a website since the most of businesses do, at least the vast majority of big companies do. we can make your business website in 24 hours.d & m limited the technocentre, coventry university technology park, puma way, coventry, west midlands cv1 2tt