transforming leaders, organizations and communitiesteam effectiveness enable peak performance through building collective mastery skills and leveraging the diversity within teams. more »leadership & organizational transformation transform your leaders and culture to unleash the performance of your workforce to achieve breakthrough results. more »equine facilitated learning learning with equine programs build leadership and self-awareness skills through human-horse interactions. while interacting with horses, individuals are able to identify and shift their behavior patterns that may be prohibiting them from developing trusting relationships. more »emergenetics workshops identifying thinking and behavior patterns to improve your team's communication, productivity, creativity and morale. more »empowering women worldwide lasting change can only be achieved when women have access to both knowledge and resources... more »the greatest threats facing the world in 2017 the world economic forum released its global risks 2017 report. 700 experts from around the world suggest the top "global risks of highest concern" for 2017. more »theo e.j. wilsonâ - a black man goes undercover in the alt-right in an unmissable talk about race and politics in america, theo e.j. wilson tells the story of becoming lucius25, white supremacist lurker, and the unexpected compassion and surprising perspective he found from engaging with people he disagrees with. he encourages us to have courageous conversations with people who think differently from us. "conversations stop violence, conversations start countries and build bridges", he says. tedxmilehigh 2017. more »ashley judd - how online abuse of women has spiraled out of control enough with online hate speech, sexual harassment and threats of violence against women and marginalized groups. it's time to take the global crisis of online abuse seriously. tedwomen 2016. more »sara menkerâ - a global food crisis may be less than a decade away sara menker quit a career in commodities trading to figure out how the global value chain of agriculture works. her discoveries have led to some startling predictions: "we could have a tipping point in global food and agriculture if surging demand surpasses the agricultural system's structural capacity to produce food," she says. "people could starve and governments may fall." she offers some steps we can take today to avoid it. tedglobal 2017.  more »