it does not matter how you say it or how you try to sell you brand, shiny new strategy to the world – ultimately it will come across as dull!because the press want scandal and the public want to be able to disapprove of big corporations for acting like money making dishonest tyrants. of course, there has been plenty of scandal and there has also been plenty of change but one of those sets twitter alight while the other lines bins with glossy brochure covers and strategy statements.the big companies have all announced that they plan to be greener, cut down waste, manage their heating and electricity bills, make work places safer and prevent horse meat contaminating our food supply. but have they? or have they just made a very convincing statement saying they have? and do we care either way?we are a judgmental and impatient world but we are also hypocritical – yes we are! we say that all we want to see if a greener, safer world of consumerism out there but when we get movement towards it all we can do is say ‘ye ye’ and yawn. we are somewhat disenchanted by ‘fat cat’ directors standing on their podiums making ‘honest’ speeches about how they are striving to make changes and offer a truly ethical push towards responsible capitalism. they market it so well with their glossy materials, emotive videos and seemingly off the cuff examples of how they are ‘being the change’. but, we don’t buy it because we just refuse to listen when they are utilising the press for a good cause.so what are they supposed to do? if they say nothing we dig deeper in an attempt to expose their darkest secrets. if they trade unethically we fill the headlines with evidence of their wrong doings. if they appear champions of the csr front then we move on to another company that isn’t doing enough or we nod approval and carry on with what we were doing.it is a thankless task – going green. and, yes i know that it should be common practice and they should be thanking us for picking up on the error of their ways but since when is anything that simple? change takes time and perhaps as csr specialists we ought to take a moment to salute the companies that are making a difference and ask the same of the world media. news can be positive and any story can be spun to appear inspiring and compelling instead of dull and common place. best practice is not common place yet so lets make some noise when a company makes it so!this is a great white paper that is up to date with the current feeling of csr and its relation to supply.âthe world is changing – there is a digital element to everything these days. the standards maintained within supply chains is expected to match those of the shop and warehouse floors they deliver to. labour rights, employee safety, the very branding and reputation of a company is always at stake. do you have a policy in place to ensure ethics are at the core of your business?