akash group has established itself as a name synonymous with quality. the same it has been able to achieve with consistent efforts and also from following a stringent rule right from procurement of raw material to supplying of finished product. our team of experts keeps a close watch on all the processes involved in manufacturing thus ensuring flawless final products.to achieve our goal of making the group a name to reckon with in every area we are currently working in and to expand the horizons of the company, we perform to the best of our abilities every single day. every team member working with the group including myself, believes and works on the values set by the group which includes, vision initiativeness, patience, respect, persistence, courage and faith.we at the group believe in making long term relationships with our customers. since our inception we have been able to do so by maintaining a high quality of all our products. our efforts have been duly recognised by our clients. clients have shown the trust that they have in us by placing repeated orders with us time and again.all the members of the akash group have this dream to see the name of the group on a very high position and we are consistently working in this direction to make this dream come true.  its the success we deserve!akash group is internally motivated and dedicated to produce one of the world's most befitting range of machines that are committed to improve the face of the earth. all the components used in the machinery are bsiiia certified .our powerful products come with attachments which help facilitate hauling, dumping, shredding, clearing and transferring of waste conveniently saving time, energy and the earth.  all our suppliers and dealers also have parallel interests and dedication in creating an ecologically sustainable business growth program.  every akash product is designed for maximum energy efficiency and minimum environmental impact to preserve global resources for future generations. all our factories aim to reduce polluting releases like carbon emissions, promote high standards of energy management and to recycle and safely dispose waste. akash group is committed to implement significant initiatives of reduction in average consumption of water, reduction in generation of waste and use of renewable energy.  akash group is not only scaling new heights in the field of agri- based and packaging machines industry but is also aware of its social responsibilities. hence, the group is actively engaged in the field of education to provide and enhance overall excellence in this area. and to achieve the same it has been associating itself with the reputed educational institute, the delhi public school.all the above mentioned machines are highly acclaimed due to their distinctive features like, their compact designs, easy installation and operation, low maintenance, excellent and efficient performance and above all their affordable prices. also these machines cater to the requirements of a vast range of industries including food processing, cosmetics, soap and detergent, pharmaceutical, etc.our team of dedicated and hard working professionals ensures through customized services that requirements and expectations of clients are catered adequately. the quality maintained by us has been complimented by our clients with repeated orders from within india and abroad. the prompt after sales-services provided by us ensures that clients have to face no hassles. our ever growing market domestically as well as internationally shows the trust placed by our customers in us.our goal is your peace of mind