the market leading firm with specialist group dedicated to provide highest level of services and business intelligence needed to bring strategic, technological and commercial assistance to our estimed clients in agriculture, biotechnology, education and infrastructure sectors.agroinnovations india pvt. ltd. is the merchant exporter company deals in importing, exporting & distribution of agro produce, processed agro products, dairy products, meat products & ready to eat products. we also supplies different ingredients required for food, feed & health supplements.  lactose, whey protein, skimmed milk powder, butter, ghee, whole milk powder, milk protein concentrate, vegetable fat powder, cocoa powder, soya protein & isolate, coconut milk powder, tomato powder, food grade chemicals, sodium/calcium caseinate read morebioinnovation laboratories having franchise of lifecell international pvt. ltd. to preserve the umbilical cord stem cells & umbilical cord tissue stem cells. lifecell international pvt. ltd., the india’s first stem cell bank having world top accreditations from relevant boards/councils. these stem cells are master cells of our body and have ability to form different types of our body cells. stem cells can be preserved for life time and used to treat more than 80 medical conditions and for more than 40 medical clinical trials are going on. preservation of these stem cells is one time opportunity in a life to gift your baby & family to secure best health for life time.innovative's academic business helps strengthing the carriculam in technology, engineering, and science. we are known for developing innovative and entrepreneurship oriented skills competitive for a rapidly changing global technological world. we work closely with various reputed universities and colleges as a bridge between them and indistry.innovative's infrastructures business is one of the fastest growing infrastructure enterprises in india with interests in irrigation, energy, highways, waste management and urban infrastructure sectors through public private partnership model. our organisations funds the capital requirements of various infrastructure projects across the sectors. it undertakes the development of need based infrastructure projects through its keen expertise & various investing partners.the major areas for our csr programs are poverty reduction, healthcare, education and environment. we untertake initiatives like environment protection, adult literacy programs, educating farmers and training for promoting rural enterprenuership, creating aware about water harvesting and renewable energy etc. and many more such exciting initiatives for social life improvements