request a callbacki enjoyed this opportunity to photograph some of the finest men's clothing for the new natale's website. my goal was to give the site the same "feeling" as  the store with a special care to emphasize texture and color. natale's has a truly spectacular assortment of fine menswear. details can get lost in the scale of options, so i focused on close up and angled cropping to give just a glimpse of range.  more >i tried to capture the feelkind of tricky to capture a product that is so long and thin. shooting the buckles on the hooks, you know, it gets kind of messy. and the rich texturesi have a thing for ties. i like them. i like them a lot. i have quite a few of them. i could feel them tempting me through the lens. naughty ties. and the details (serious pinstripes).they say the key to looking sharp is the fit. well, if you take a look at the pinstripes, i think you can imagine how these suits would fit. perfection.challenge: brand identity for an established laundromat named "independence" and located just one block from the historic adams birthplace in quincy, ma. i decided to incorporate the freshness of a clean (doesn't that bold highlight make it sparkle?) water droplet with the patriotic star reversed from its traditional blue field. elements of: america, nautical, shipyard, navy, ocean, splash. you can visit the website here. now that the logo has been selected and the initial website is up, i turn my attention to remodeling the retail environment to support the brand identity.when kristine told me that she was opening a gallery of reused, renewed and restored custom furniture, i was thrilled. "um, a project that i get to help launch from the start you say?" she was talking my language. everything from brand identity and product tags to outdoor signage and a window display. break out them pantone swatches and let's get to work.there are very few things more enjoyable than helping a friend explore her dream. the final choices where all hers, but it was great fun presenting her with the options. hanging with kristine at her grand opening. photo: denise hawes photographyi joined propel marketing's initial management team as the 14th employee. after a year and a half, as the marketing manager, i left propel with 150 employees, 8000+ customers, and 10mm in revenues. my part in accomplishing that included: building and managing the marketing department, creating the propel marketing brand strategy, producing all of the training materials and presentations for the product portfolio. i also enjoyed the opportunity to design and help manage the build out of the corporate headquarters located on myrtle street in quincy, massachusetts. playing with words and meaning.everything is ready for liftoff.there's no place like work.as the marketing manager at enterprise newsmedia (now owned by gatehouse media) i was responsible for marketing the patriot ledger, the enterprise, the old colony memorial, and mpg newspapers. recognizing the growing use of the internet, we pursued a new brand strategy for our online presence. thus, www.wickedlocal.com was born. it started in plymouth, ma and with the acquisition by gatehouse media has spread across all of new england with "wicked local" sites for each community. it was a rewarding challenge to transition from print (we called it "legacy media") to online: developing and launching a new brand, promoting a new type of display advertising sales model, and cross promoting content. i learned a lot with the people i worked with and have maintained a strong interest in new media ever since.^ these are the folks responsible for launching www.wickedlocal.com in massachusetts. chris eck, courtney hollands, kate kelleher, ron welby, bob kempf, and myself.